Decouple Tracking Code Generator from Overlay plugin (#21896)
piwik/piwik: CHANGELOG.md

The Product Changelog at **[matomo.org/changelog](https://matomo.org/changelog)** lets you see more details about any Matomo release, such as the list of new guides and FAQs, security fixes, and links to all closed issues. 

## Matomo 5.1.0

### Deprecations

> The API method `Overlay.getExcludedQueryParameters` has been deprecated and will be remove with Matomo 6. Use the new method `SitesManager.getExcludedQueryParameters` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API method `Overlay.getExcludedQueryParameters` has been deprecated and will be removed in Matomo 6. Use the new method `SitesManager.getExcludedQueryParameters` instead.
```
